we talk about miracles happening well
since there was a miracle they did walk
away or did he swim away I'm not sure
BSN from God that's a sans life just
goddess could play sweet everywhere some
people say it was an act of God but to
me I think it was uh it was a downfall
of the mall and by Mustangs under 19
[Music]
about 2:15 a.m. on Tuesday the 10th of
April this year semi trailer was
traveling north on the Pacific Highway
from a woollen bar and he hit this
medium stripped us here broke his right
front axle the truck lost control and
went in the river when they went to pick
the truck up um from what I've been told
they just cut the tops and let the light
go into the river it's the only way they
could pick the truck up they couldn't
pick it up fully loaded yeah Friday 13th
me Lister Good Friday and the Pacific
haw I've been so busy the arty I gave
him a deadline of midnight to get off
the road so we hadn't we had no choice
we had to stop our work and be back in a
few days time when just after Easter
which they did but they left the
valestra fear with the Sun it was no
security there just perfect timing for
it for us a long weekend everyone with
yeah let's go to the river till the
ironic isn't it can't buy beer intifada
and here this is copious quantities he
has people from work
Queensland's to Victoria coming through
New South Wales going what the hell is
going on
couldn't get parking space areal at that
stage on the first day we believed that
well we were told by the police that it
was pretty much open slather get in
there and steal it while you can
as far as I can certainly with dark and
certainly weren't stealing it but from a
technical point as far as the world goes
it is stealing by find that's all over
the offense when we're over in the river
we were just swimming down you grab a
beer and crack it at the same time have
a few episodes and drop back in the
water and get in and grab some more
friend of mine to myself went down there
on the wave runners and
look to see what was going on down there
and that I well we'll come back so we
come back and got a canoe we tied the
canoe down with the wave runner that we
had too much beer in it on the way back
and we sunk it well everyone had their
own work okay like I was telling you
house was the crate with the ropes on it
and everyone thought that was a mean
idea after I saw I stood out that point
attorney into the crate and all kinds of
things because they thought they could
breathe underwater with a garden hose
I saw people using even Spears trying to
spear the plasti and bring up crates but
it just wouldn't work
I wait for deflate pass okay and you go
up you go under body for dinner next
time you know if they will just be right
off the top you bodyboarding putting
their own try so you had to add some one
point on the bank someone with the car
I'll not be it's two divers with one
person in the water with her so you
kinda had to work as a team when you're
getting it you're under 19 teams got a
few Larkins in it and we decided we do
some extra training one night when they
heard that the beer truck had gone into
the river they decided that um you know
swimming or diving would be a really
good thing to do
yeah we filled up the whole boot of a
veil up to the brim so just close it and
half a bird of a yonder excel from every
all the stories I've heard the guys from
the rowing probably the best I've got
some dreams in life and once it's been
fulfilled yeah
diving for beer in the river I were
determined to get everything in I did
eventually I noticed one vehicle when he
shut the back door the tires were
sitting on the on the on the mud guard
they say that it worked at the hospital
it was the worst weekend they ever had
with some like cut feet and hands and
what-have-you
um one feller in particular who's quite
a talented young footballer where we
count on him pretty heavily in the in
the Sammy's but he stood on a bottle
down in the mud a broken bottle and cut
underneath his toe got a couple of
stitches yeah we lost him for the rest
the rest of the series the rest of the
Sammy's if that happened in America like
it would not be like that
like Australians just getting there and
all that I stood over yet funny man Dan
and dirt if you get the veer but
Americans living you know look at the
river this all blast the bottom tonight
no I'm here and the next few weeks are
all drinking
beers before training after training
before football after football so yeah
it was different there was one other
fear that they had there they called it
ms B's or some sort of whorish beer or
something like that
because of the name MSP everyone decided
to get to call it that verb us want big
everyone's got around getting to that
verb our swamp beer all this kind of
stuff it's all I work by cleaning them
all days and on
but I've got a good wife because I took
them home to their and she cleaned every
single one of them they're all starting
to go rusty on the top just that little
bit because of the salt water and
everything but if we didn't care just
kept drinking him anyway
men just don't need to have it just
party after party free party freebie you
know one kid everyone was shouting
everyone everyone who gives someone one
of their views one of his beers it
didn't matter if I was crazy crazy ten
at the time just you've never seen
anything like it
can we nearly run out of alcohol and
that there's this car down the back and
everyone was getting it out of the book
and someone snapped the key off inside
so we all went down there with big
screwdrivers and hammers and put holes
in the back of the book just so we could
get it out all the time I said the door
was then to get the wrestler there was
none left that was cleaned out pretty
well the lugs have done a very good job
actually extremely good the image you
the carcass being stripped down the
middle of the desert it happened pretty
quickly so the locals did the job of
clearing the river which had to be done
as far as the environment was concerned
the issue was here that they were in
actual fact committing an offense which
is run a lot of cigs
they all got away with it for the crash
well we might have had one or two in so
we weren't going that good after the
crash we didn't have any wins I think I
thought we might have been able to slip
in there but I think the beer truck
bolts undone everyone got a freebie ooh
that one even if you weren't in the
river you got afraid II just because it
was just like yeah I guess if you're not
on its prey I people didn't get a drink
with the covers it was available I was
pretty happy too I'm in town for a while
thought this was the best thing that
have happened to warm up very long
pretty amazing like once a lifetime
thing put my bar on the map matey's do
great is liken it to Easter's at once
beer and eggs together
you